hello are there sports fans welcome to
Episode six of mr. Tabernacles
I have to apologize once again because
this one's a bit later than expected but
you have Steve Jobs solely to blame for
this because my lovely less than two
months old MacBook decided to completely
perish on me so I was not very impressed
so I've just got that fixed so we're
okay on the MacBook from so yeah let's
jump in with some new pets who are
spookily themed for no reason whatsoever
wow look at this fella he's got some
lovely glowy red eyes and a nice
hunchback just see no he means business
I named this one Monty Corps after the
tiger which bit the face off Siegfried
and Roy or one of them Roy or sacred
he's a very easy pet to get we have to
do is turn up to the entrance to the
lost city of 12 their instance which is
where I'm stuck in here so you turn up
and you're standing on the steps and
jump through the portal and then you is
round you can go laughs all right
there's two packs of them and then
choose one that you like and then start
to steal the tiger and then all the
other Tigers would be upset that you'd
steal them and the dog man will be
scared of you and will so angry to you
for stealing the tiger and then there
you go
Bob's your uncle you got yourself a nice
glowy ID stripy tiger it's a unique
model no other Tigers have it it's
really quite cool some other Tigers have
a hunchback with no glowing eyes I think
there's another Tiger someone with
glowing eyes no hunchback so yeah really
quite neat so yeah let's get on with the
next patch shall we now really really
really impressive Peck coming up next
you may remember him he has been in the
game before as something which took a
lot of tomfoolery to get and they took
the model out the game that you're
allowed to keep him but now he
back and anyone can get him it's a
spirit wolf look how amazing he looks I
call this one spook easy yeah
good name I think so um yeah so he
hasn't been people have been able to get
ghosts wolves for ages now but now
anybody with enough time on their hands
can go get him he's found in Twilight
Highlands the little black circles I put
on the map here that's where he spawns
spawn timers not very nice again I think
somewhere the region of 6 to 12 24 hours
something horrible so me require a bit
of camping I recommend people use a mod
called MPC scam really really useful so
yeah anyone looking for rare pets go and
get yourself NPC scan helps loads I'll
show you where it spawns
and also the area and it'll set up an
alarm when they spawn for you which is
really good and if this looks really
awesome he's a spirit beasts so he's got
the heal you'll need to be level 85 to
tame them and you also need to be beast
mastery because he is very peace so yeah
very nice I really enjoy him he's a
really good when they buff p.m. and the
next patch I think I'm going to be using
him quite a lot for raids and stuff and
now some of you may have noticed lurking
behind my back I have thunderfury it
took me so long to get it but I'm I'm
gonna make a video showing anyone how to
get thunderfury I think maybe next week
if my Mac doesn't break again so yeah
see you guys lunch time